= safely

Safely is a simple exception handling and alerting mechanism extract from the daemon-kit[http://github.com/kennethkalmer/daemon-kit] project.

Safely currently supports error reporting to Hoptoad via the Toadhopper[http://github.com/toolmantim/toadhopper] gem. Future support will
include reporting errors to log files and via email.

== Installation

In your Gemfile

    gem "toadhopper", "~> 1.1"
    gem "safely", "~> 0.1"

Or directly

    gem install toadhopper -v "~> 1.1"
    gem install safely -v "~> 0.1"

Although Safely currently only supports Toadhopper, it doesn't specify it as a dependency. This allows for
future strategies to be added and giving users the choice on which strategy to use without bloating their
projects.

== Usage

    require 'toadhopper'
    require 'safely'
    
    # Configure
    Safely.configure do |c|
      c.hoptoad_key = 'XXXXXXXX'
    end
    
    # Run your code
    safely do
      do_something_dangerous!
    end

== TODO

* Support for mail exceptions
* Support for logging exceptions
* Fine-tine strategies
* Support for trapping exceptions on exit

== Contributing to safely
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Kenneth Kalmer. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

